Add patch release explanation onto our FAQ LTS page (#2292)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/frequently-asked-questions/long-term-support-releases.md

| R6      | February 2024 | May 2024                    | May 2025              | May 2026                  |
| R7      | February 2025 | May 2025                    | May 2026              | May 2027                  |

## What Happens To Our Patches When We Release A LTS Release?

> Our approach is quite simple. When we release a new long term support (LTS) release (usually March each year), we like to give it until the end of May to breathe, and then we make it our recommended version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our procedure for handling patches during LTS release is straightforward. Upon release of a new long-term support version (usually in March), we allow it some time to settle (until the end of May), and then make it our recommended release.
```

> So, from March until May we continue to patch both the old LTS branch, and the new LTS branch. And then, in June, we patch the new LTS version only, and the old LTS version moves into extended support, which is essentially critical fix only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, from March to May, we continue to issue patches for both the previous LTS branch and the new one. In June, we only provide patches for the new LTS, while the previous one enters extended support which only covers critical fixes.
```

Here is a worked example.

Our current LTS release is release 4. Our new LTS release 5, is due out in March.

In April and May , we will release a patch for our r4 LTS release (4.0.13 and 4.0.14) and for our new r5 LTS release (5.0.1 and 5.0.2).

In June, we release our next major release for release 5 (5.1) so at this stage we will patch R5 and R5.1 (5.0.3 and 5.1.1) and release 4 LTS will now enter extended support which is critical fix only.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an illustration:

Our current LTS release is version 4, and our new LTS release 5 is expected in March.

During April and May, we will release patches for both the r4 LTS (versions 4.0.13 and 4.0.14) and the new 5 LTS (versions 5.0.1 and 5.0.2).

In June, we will release the next major version of release 5 (5.1) and provide patches for both 5.0 and 5.1 (versions 5.0.3 and 5.1.1). At this point, release 4 LTS will enter into extended support which only covers critical fixes.
```
